Impressions from the r1 we catch up
a tour of the region around
abbas title and you according to what
We read in the trade press
the motorcycle is for his class
almost unbelievably official one
Thousands in a 600 of the chassis too
to build
so is the order to the engineers
clearly the guys have a
salary increase earned
such an agile thousands or 900 gives
It can not be effortless again
the bike through curves of all kinds
conduct
no wonder was 200 kilograms weight
Ready to drive, mind you, there is a
comfortable sitting position for the driver
We recommend only to the passenger
in the face of the emergency seat is a
mountain bike that is always comfortable
everything works perfectly
the gear shifts in ours
r1 easily play the clutch
inconspicuous and even the windbreak
is amazingly good until tempo 150
Overall, you will not get rid of the feeling
that the motorcycle does not yet
started has to work
no wonder 150 ps needs on the
nobody is still sleeping
the best way is back to alberta
Now let's get to the bottom of it
go and look at it once
she looks compact in her stature yes
but still forced the front
is characterized by the oblique
open space headlights at the same time
to guarantee good light
in many details with the outbreak with
Carbon shell becomes the consistent
lightweight significantly all suspensions and
Steering systems are filigree
came for gram with weight saved
unfortunately also in the wrong place that
Frame tail is welded
City repair friendly screwed
A special feature of the brakes
the saddles are made of a cast piece
manufactured and thus extremely stiff murks
turn on the coupling the outer rod
towers over the engine and should
The first fall in the rushes go
a look under the disguise
reveals a little miracle
compactness and lightness with 65
kilogram, the 1 motor is just 15
kilogram heavier than the engine of the
plant ducati in the superbike wm five
valves per cylinder extra
Load control and forties carburetor
help the engine to 150 ps and one
raised torque curve
but now applies on the race track
He once revealed all her potential
achieved a lot she says in the exchange rates is
almost unbelievable how easy to handle
and power to an explosive mixture
society
in direct comparison must now the
Honda fireblade stretch the weapons
the kawasaki zx 10r can still compete
with increasing speed
he once revealed her too
problematic side of her
suspension geometry hard on the limit results
a restless front part in the
Extreme case until the handlebars strike lead
can
a phenomenon that also when driving over
of ground waves on the highway
turns up then it becomes life threatening
on the other hand, on the other hand, stand the
Let's do something for a while
better we have not yet
hazards
on the other hand, we would raise those
reach michel
b 58 swap remains at the end
ambiguous conclusion of the once is with
safety the most fascinating sportbike
that came from japan in recent years
And the hands of inexperienced drivers can do it
also easy to a kieler motorcycle
your motorcycle so with the
security discussions will trigger
as promised, it is also today
continue with our n-tv endor school
small note on the other hand there are the
enduro school now also on video
You can find information on this at n tv teletext
blackboard 587 or in motorcycle online at
aol matz ​​off to n tv in school